general thoughts in the day of work I
thought we bounced around pretty good
thought at times that we didn't focus we
drop more balls than we should have but
we I thought we ran well we looked quick
and I thought we executed pretty good
and then I thought our oline had a good
day the defense bounced around good
overall it does pretty good day you know
as far as elephants goes you guys made
strides every week what's kind of the
next step keep doing it just more
consistent it's more the same but more
consistent right now we're kind of
explosive and have a little flash now we
have to you know I have a steadier
quality to our play you know it's connor
showing the consistency this week they
hope to see how to hamilton are getting
wha reps he looks better than he did
last week which you know you will
steadily improved pretty good from the
neck up you know as far as looking at
stuff analyzing operates quickly to
which I like how's Jeff look in practice
so good yeah it looks good throws a ball
good smart kid talented you know you
talked on Monday about you don't want to
see progress on both those guys anything
in particular jump out from you don't
attitude their consistency to really I'm
because everybody like if you put them
on the board you say all right okay what
do I do here while I do this I do this
okay where do you look well I look here
I look here I look here and they can all
do that and they can all you know you're
not going to stump them on that
but just being able to do it quickly
doing all of it as quickly as possible
it's like you know one thing to you know
it's like I always started out kind of
in a walk than we're jogging and now
we're you know we're a little faster so
just get faster
I've connors mistakes been the
interception so far I have those been a
case of him throwing the ball shouldn't
before they've been just just making a
poor throw for first one the first one
was where he shouldn't should have
thrown to the underneath guy so that was
a bad read the second one he just under
through a really good read and just
under through it I'll have his read his
reads back Justin I've been they've been
good you know they've been good and
they're getting quicker all the terms
with what's happened last couple weeks I
means you have not playing Connor coming
in and doing well as quarterback
competition essentially back where it
was during the fall would be why you
gain well there's always a competition
it's always a competition you know I
won't do a good job and so feel good
about both of them I wasn't a reason new
saw light hasn't been out here applause
for whole days I'm sure there is you
know that's a nice thing on vault
guarded by rattlesnakes rats and a drag
so thoughts on just Colorado having a
couple extra days to he's a study all
right now starts on Colorado haven't had
a couple more days to look at that one
film good you know a pretty big fast
explosive team you know getting better
too hey there there things kind of like
ours consistency and playing together
well you know I think the thing that is
impressive about them as they're big and
fast you know they've had all those
highfalutin recruiting classes and it
looks like it you know when you see them
out there just how they're built and how
they run and then but like us also that
they're they're trying to get consistent
trying to
play together whether you know
better it's you know kind of just that
whole sense of okay this guy's to my
left east of my right I'm used to in
doing this he knows I'm going to do that
so it goes you know and that's always a
deal you know any time you're at the
position we are in anytime you're
breaking in guys and moving them around
the familiarity with one another is
oftentimes a big deal to tougher it all
the game plan for a team that hasn't
really hit its stride yet as opposed to
one that's clicking all cylinders and
you can see what you're gonna get on
film yeah maybe a little I mean you know
you'd rather first in the second but the
thing is is uh as you know they're gonna
emerge at some point they're going to
emerge and it's gonna come together for
them so we got to go out play our best
game juices get phone anymore for these
conference games and non conference
Wednesday yes I've about we work really
hard at all so there's nothing to flow
at any higher level you know you try to
do the best you can because you want you
know the other thing that's important is
get incrementally a week better and we
have to do that with a team that comes
in when listen you said they're trying
to get more consistency you kind of have
to prepare for the unexpected like
they're going to try a bunch of stuff
you maybe haven't seen yet well you got
to be sound you got to be sound you
don't know what they're gonna do I mean
body of work that there's some
consistency with that but the thing is
is
you know I mean I could die yeah I could
see me breaking ice crystals and some
guys do it as they get into conference
some guys do it to maybe get a spark and
you know and be motivated for a football
thing which makes its really so the
mental and fatigue stuff is that
expected at this point or is some of
that been a surprise uh I don't I don't
really think the fatigue general way I
think we got to get a habit of focusing
and pushing through things you know I
think party everybody can work hard and
they think and we have to kind of expand
our dimension on that